Learn most of that are on your side.
So far I have introduced several functionalities of open city.
And every time we read the images even from fights or from camera devices but directly using up and
see the functionality.
However in last images are collected from the topics that are published by the drivers of the cameras
so we don't have direct access to the cameras to be able to use a specific functionalities but we are
going to receive the images from those topics.
So in this case we need to create the subscriber interest in order to receive the image and then sending
this image to up and Zeevi for further process.
However we have a challenge here that is the image format supported in ROS is different and not compatible
with the image format supported by open TV.
For this reason there is a need to transform any image coming from Rowse into the format of open TV
and vice versa.
Also when we want to publish an image coming from up in Sivy we need to transform it into a format to
important virus.
Fortunately for us there is a special component called City bridge that loves to make this conversion
from Ros format to open CD format and vice versa.
So this is the architecture of City Beach.
So basically this is Varos ecosystem here and you have images collected through topics and are sent
into image messages.
So this is the formative part of the virus and we want to process this image using the OP and see the
library.
So processing directly the images is not possible because obviously the library does not recognize the
image format in a row.
So what does the single bridge do.
It is going to transform this image into a format that is understood by up and.
After doing this conversion we can apply any opposite the functionality to the converted image.
And also if you have an image in open C B and you want to send the message city which can also do the
opposite transformation.
So lets see how this works in practice.
You can find the code that allows the transformation between the image format and open the image format
in the file called Image submitted back.
So as usual you have to import ASPI opposite the libraries and different messages here.
So the first thing that we need to do is to create a bridge so a bridge This is an object that will
make the transformation between us image format and see the image format.
So we use the class the breach.
This is the constructor and we create this object for later use.
And now we have our main program.
We're going to initialize a node.
I'm going to call it image converter and then simply create a subscriber to an image I would call it
image subscriber.
It will subscribe to a particular topic so here we put the topic on which we are going to receive the
information from.
For example I'm going to use a webcam so the webcam topic will be this one.
We are going to verify this later when we run the program.
And here we have to specify the type of the message being lost.
So in Russia we have the type image and looking at the documentation of us we can find all the information
of the image message it has had that it has the height of the image the width of the image the encoding
used for the image and whether it is big endian or not.
And finally most importantly all the data of the image is carried out here in one area.
OK.
And array of and assigned integer 8 bits and then we call the image callback so whenever we see an image
through this topic we're going to execute the image Colback.
OK so the image goes that we will have an image in that format and we want to transform this image into
up and see format.
So when we receive the image okay we're going to use the bridge that we have here of also use it as
a global variable.
It can be also declared inside the callback if needed but no need to create every time a new object
can be added only once and that you're just a global variable here to work with the object and that
based on the image collected.
So the topic will want to create a CV image or open see the image and use the bridge and then Image
message to see the too.
So this is the method that we are going to call from the object the bridge to come back from the last
message that we received on the topic into the message.
And here we put the wrong message and which format you want to convert to.
So we want to convert it into our format in golden on 8.
And finally we can throw an exception whenever there is an error that happens for this conversion.
And then after this point anything you do on a PC you can do it.
For example a camera see the image change because now we have a new by only so I can say the number
of rows and number of columns the number of channels I can play circle for example.
This is just a condition if the column number of rows greater than 100 in this case.
I can turn the circle into this location and use this color and so on so I can also add text.
So anything we can do with Open C-v we can do it after this point after these combinations.
So this is the only thing that Silverbridge does for us is just to make the conversion between the rust
image into an up and see image format and then we can call any method in opposition.
So let's add on the code now.
OK.
First of all we need to run the commit.
OK so let me first run around Scott those Star-Crossed.
And then another term and then we're going to run.
Right.
Yes we can use because no.
And then we specify the pixel format as well.
Why you why.
So this is actually important because if you don't do it the note may not be running correctly.
So let me start to come in and now.
OK.
So it's not running.
I can't even if I can make prostatic list and here I can find the topic.
Yes we can.
Yes we can slash imaginal So this is the topic we are going to use to see an image from us.
I cannot truly verify that the camera is working fine.
I can run across an image you image you an image.
And then I can specify this topic.
OK so now it's running.
So now that we run our program here and we make sure that we are subscribing to the correct topic.
So remember that the topic we use use becomes less imaginal and this is the topic that you are subscribing
to.
Now we run around assumptions image pops up don't buy it.
OK so you can see now the web cam is running.
OK so this is when an image comes to us.
It will be converted to upis TV.
And then I would draw a circle.
So this is the circle drawn you can see here and this is the text webcam activated.
So you can do any opposite the functionality just after making the conversion.
So in this video we have presented the functionality of CD which is very important it allows to convert
an image on format to obviously format and also it allows to make the conversion in opposing that.
Now you have all the ingredients to do image processing we trust and open city.
You know how to subscribe to an image and you know how to convert an image to opposite the format and
then you can explore the big ocean of OCDE enough to make any kind of image processing like for example
image segmentation or resodding or edge detection or imaging detection and recognition any kind of functionality.